README.md, before:

[StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com) is a network of Questions & Answers
websites. Questions in each website are collaboratively [indexed by social
tagging in a set-model](http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0701072) (each question is
assigned a set of tags that users of the community can edit). [StackExchange
tags](http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2010/08/tag-folksonomy-and-tag-synonyms/)
can be described with a short excerpt, a more detailed text, and they may have
synonyms. Tags can be edited by the community. The content of all StackExhange
websites, including tags and tag descriptions is licensed under CC-BY-SA.

This repository includes scripts to dowload tags and tag descriptions from a
StackExchange website and to convert them to SKOS format. The program consists
of multiple scripts:

	download-tags.pl
	convert-tags.pl
    lib/StackExchange/API.pm

Although Jeff Atwood was [against hierarchical links between
tags](http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2010/08/tag-folksonomy-and-tag-synonyms/#comment-48892),
these relations are supported if given in a tag wiki with Unicode
upwards/downwards arrows (↑/↓). Mappings to other knowledge organization
systems will also be added later.

The scripts require the experimental Perl module SKOS::Simple, which is
included as git submodule. You may install SKOS::Simple from CPAN or checkout:

    git submodule init
	git submodule update

Feel free to fork and reuse!

![sample-graph.png](sample graph from libraries.stackexchange.com)

Commit message:

updated script and libraries.SE

README.md, after:

This repository includes tags and tag descriptions from StackExchange sites
converted to knowledge organization systems in SKOS format.

# Tags in StackExchange

[StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com) is a network of Questions & Answers
websites. Questions in each website are collaboratively [indexed by social
tagging in a set-model](http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0701072) (each question is
assigned a set of tags that users of the community can edit). [StackExchange
tags](http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2010/08/tag-folksonomy-and-tag-synonyms/)
can be described with a short excerpt, a more detailed text, and they may have
synonyms. Tags can be edited by the community. The content of all StackExhange
websites, including tags and tag descriptions is licensed under CC-BY-SA.

# Repository outline

    data/                     - downloaded and transformed tagging data

	download-tags.pl          - script to download tags
	convert-tags.pl           - transform downloaded tags to SKOS

    lib/StackExchange/API.pm  - tiny wrapper of StackExchange API

# From Tags to SKOS

Although Jeff Atwood was [against hierarchical links between
tags](http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2010/08/tag-folksonomy-and-tag-synonyms/#comment-48892),
these relations are supported if given in a tag wiki with Unicode
upwards/downwards arrows (↑/↓). Mappings to other knowledge organization
systems are also added.

# Example

![sample graph from libraries.stackexchange.com](samples/sample-graph.png)
